Add documentation for webhook remediation (#7535)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_status.md

Even if the `failurePolicy` is set to `Ignore`, high timeouts (`>15s`) can lead to blocking requests of control plane components.
That's because most control-plane API calls are made with a client-side timeout of `30s`, so if a webhook has `timeoutSeconds=30`
the overall request might still fail as there is overhead in communication with the API server and potential other webhooks.
Generally, it's [best practice](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#timeouts) to specify low timeouts in WebhookConfigs.

> As an effort to correct this common problem, the webhook remediator has been created. This is enabled by setting `.controllers.shootCare.webhookRemediatorEnabled=true` in the Gardenlet configuration. This feature simply checks whether a customer's webhook matches a set of rules, described [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/pkg/operation/botanist/matchers/matcher.go). If at least one of the rule matches, it will change the constraints (`HibernationPossible` and `MaintenancePreconditionsSatisfied`) statuses. In such cases, the `failurePolicy` will be set from `Fail` to `Ignore`. Gardenlet will also add an annotation to make it visible to end-users that their webhook configurations were mutated and should be fixed by them in the first place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an effort to correct this common problem, the webhook remediator has been created. This is enabled by setting `.controllers.shootCare.webhookRemediatorEnabled=true` in the `gardenlet`'s configuration. This feature simply checks whether webhook configurations in shoot clusters match a set of rules described [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/pkg/operation/botanist/matchers/matcher.go). If at least one of the rules matches, it will change set `status=False` for the `.status.constraints` of type `HibernationPossible` and `MaintenancePreconditionsSatisfied` in the `Shoot` resource. In addition, the `failurePolicy` in the affected webhook configurations will be set from `Fail` to `Ignore`. Gardenlet will also add an annotation to make it visible to end-users that their webhook configurations were mutated and should be fixed/adapted according to the rules and best practices.
```

> In most cases, you can avoid this by simply excluding the `kube-system` namespace from your webhook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you can avoid this by simply excluding the `kube-system` namespace from your webhook via the `namespaceSelector`:
```

> As an effort to correct this common problem, the webhook remediator has been created. This is enabled by setting `.controllers.shootCare.webhookRemediatorEnabled=true` in the `gardenlet`'s configuration. This feature simply checks whether webhook configurations in shoot clusters match a set of rules described [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/pkg/operation/botanist/matchers/matcher.go). If at least one of the rules matches, it will change set `status=False` for the `.status.constraints` of type `HibernationPossible` and `MaintenancePreconditionsSatisfied` in the `Shoot` resource. In addition, the `failurePolicy` in the affected webhook configurations will be set from `Fail` to `Ignore`. Gardenlet will also add an annotation to make it visible to end-users that their webhook configurations were mutated and should be fixed/adapted according to the rules and best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an effort to correct this common problem, the webhook remediator has been created. This is enabled by setting `.controllers.shootCare.webhookRemediatorEnabled=true` in the `gardenlet`'s configuration. This feature simply checks whether webhook configurations in shoot clusters match a set of rules described [here](../../pkg/operation/botanist/matchers/matcher.go). If at least one of the rules matches, it will change set `status=False` for the `.status.constraints` of type `HibernationPossible` and `MaintenancePreconditionsSatisfied` in the `Shoot` resource. In addition, the `failurePolicy` in the affected webhook configurations will be set from `Fail` to `Ignore`. Gardenlet will also add an annotation to make it visible to end-users that their webhook configurations were mutated and should be fixed/adapted according to the rules and best practices.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1
kind: MutatingWebhookConfiguration
webhooks:
  - name: my-webhook.example.com
    namespaceSelector:
      matchExpressions:
      - key: gardener.cloud/purpose
        operator: NotIn
        values:
          - kube-system
    rules:
      - operations: ["*"]
        apiGroups: [""]
        apiVersions: ["v1"]
        resources: ["pods"]
        scope: "Namespaced"
```

> However, some other resources (mostly without namespaces) might still trigger the remediator, namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some other resources (some of them cluster-scoped) might still trigger the remediator, namely:
```

- endpoints
- nodes
- podsecuritypolicies
- clusterroles
- clusterrolebindings
- customresourcedefinitions
- apiservices
- certificatesigningrequests

> - priorityclasses

Reviewer: Does it really make sense to enlist this here? Probably this will go out-of-sync eventually. What about the link to the source code file?

Author: Yeah... I debated that in my head but at the same time some people are not able / willing to read the code. And since this is intended for shoot owners that might not know GO / how to read the code, should we expect them to have to go in the code to understand something like this? Also, this is probably very low maintenance. What's your opinion ?

Reviewer: My concerns still apply, but I agree that it's probably low maintenance since the list is not changed frequently. The code is not difficult to read even for YAML engineers 😉 Anyways, I don't insist on changing it.

> If one of the above resources triggers the remediator, the preferred solution is to remove that particular resource from your webhook's `rules`. You can also use the `objectSelector` to reduce the scope of webhook's `rules`. However, in special cases where a webhook is absolutely needed for the workload, it is possible to add the `remediation.webhook.shoot.gardener.cloud/exclude=true` annotation to your webhook so that the remediator ignores it. This annotation **should not use to silence an alert**, but rather to confirm that a webhook won't cause problems. Note that all of this is no perfect solution and just done on a best effort basis, and only the owner of the webhook can know whether it indeed is problematic and configured correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of the above resources triggers the remediator, the preferred solution is to remove that particular resource from your webhook's `rules`. You can also use the `objectSelector` to reduce the scope of webhook's `rules`. However, in special cases where a webhook is absolutely needed for the workload, it is possible to add the `remediation.webhook.shoot.gardener.cloud/exclude=true` label to your webhook so that the remediator ignores it. This annotation **should not be used to silence an alert**, but rather to confirm that a webhook won't cause problems. Note that all of this is no perfect solution and just done on a best effort basis, and only the owner of the webhook can know whether it indeed is problematic and configured correctly.
```
